Adjust documentation for AzureBlobStorage Databus v5 targetting Core v8 (#5085)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/absdatabus-4to5.md

---
title: Azure Blob Storage Databus Upgrade Version 4 to 5
reviewed: 2020-10-29
component: ABSDataBus
related:
 - nservicebus/upgrades/7to8
isUpgradeGuide: true
upgradeGuideCoreVersions:
 - 8
---

> Upgrade from version 7 to 8 does not require any code changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrade from version 4 to 5 does not require any code changes.
```

although that is probably soon no longer true

Author: Are you suggesting to drop the cleanup in 5 but not 4?

Reviewer 2: Deprecate with error in 4 and remove in 5.

---
title: Azure Blob Storage Databus Upgrade Version 4 to 5
reviewed: 2020-10-29
component: ABSDataBus
related:
 - nservicebus/upgrades/7to8
isUpgradeGuide: true
upgradeGuideCoreVersions:
 - 8
---

> Nothing to report...

Author: I know this needs some love here, but I wasn't sure what to add here. There will be meaningful changes from 3 to 4, but we don't have any changes as of now, between 4 to 5, except the impact created by Core v8. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Then we [keep it real](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20ob9meWOC4)
```suggestion
Upgrade from version 7 to 8 does not require any code changes.
```
